fix: Support for byte string and text messages from topics (#719)
lightbend/akkaserverless-java-sdk: docs/src/modules/java/partials/pubsub-note.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> In the protobuf descriptors topic names are referenced but no additional details about how to connect to the topics. When deploying the application there must be a broker configuration with credentials and details on how connect in the Akka Serverless project. For details about configuring a broker see https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/projects/message-brokers.html[Configure message brokers]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Protobuf descriptors topic names are referenced but no additional details about how to connect to the topics. When deploying the application there must be a broker configuration with credentials and details on how connect in the Akka Serverless project. For details about configuring a broker see https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/projects/message-brokers.html[Configure message brokers]
```

Now, I don't know how consistent we have been in using the word `Protobuf`. There are probably other places in text that we use lowercase.

Reviewer: Or maybe we should say, "In the gRPC descriptors..." ?

> In the Protobuf descriptors topic names are referenced but no additional details about how to connect to the topics. When deploying the application there must be a broker configuration with credentials and details on how connect in the Akka Serverless project. For details about configuring a broker see https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/projects/message-brokers.html[Configure message brokers]

Reviewer 2: Suggested tweak:

```suggestion
In the Protobuf descriptors, only topic names are referenced and no additional details about how to connect to the topics are needed. When deploying the application there must be a broker configuration in the Akka Serverless project, with credentials and details on how connect to the broker. For details about configuring a broker see https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/projects/message-brokers.html[Configure message brokers]
```
